=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::ModuleBuildTiny::Fallback - Build a Build.PL that uses Module::Build::Tiny, falling back to Module::Build as needed

=head1 VERSION

version 0.018

=head1 SYNOPSIS

In your F<dist.ini>:

    [ModuleBuildTiny::Fallback]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is a L<Dist::Zilla> plugin that provides a F<Build.PL> in your
distribution that attempts to use L<Module::Build::Tiny> when available,
falling back to L<Module::Build> when it is missing.

This is useful when your distribution is installing on an older perl (before
approximately 5.10.1) with a toolchain that has not been updated, where
C<configure_requires> metadata is not understood and respected -- or where
F<Build.PL> is being run manually without the user having read and understood
the contents of F<META.yml> or F<META.json>.

When the L<Module::Build> fallback code is run, an added preamble is printed:

=over 4

=for stopwords cpanminus

=for comment This section was inserted from the DATA section at build time

*** WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING WARNING ***

If you're seeing this warning, your toolchain is really, really old* and you'll
almost certainly have problems installing CPAN modules from this century. But
never fear, dear user, for we have the technology to fix this!

If you're using CPAN.pm to install things, then you can upgrade it using:

    cpan CPAN

If you're using CPANPLUS to install things, then you can upgrade it using:

    cpanp CPANPLUS

If you're using cpanminus, you shouldn't be seeing this message in the first
place, so please file an issue on github.

This public service announcement was brought to you by the Perl Toolchain
Gang, the irc.perl.org #toolchain IRC channel, and the number 42.

----

* Alternatively, you are running this file manually, in which case you need
to learn to first fulfill all configure requires prerequisites listed in
META.yml or META.json -- or use a cpan client to install this distribution.

You can also silence this warning for future installations by setting the
PERL_MB_FALLBACK_SILENCE_WARNING environment variable, but please don't do
that until you fix your toolchain as described above.

=back

=for stopwords ModuleBuild

This plugin internally calls both the
L<[ModuleBuildTiny]|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::ModuleBuildTiny>
and L<[ModuleBuild]|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::ModuleBuild> plugins to fetch their
normal F<Build.PL> file contents, combining them together into the final
F<Build.PL> for the distribution.

You are warned if anything else added content into F<Build.PL> (e.g. some
additional build-time dependency checks), as that code will not run in the
fallback case. It is up to you to decide whether it is still a good idea to use
this plugin in this situation.

=for Pod::Coverage before_build gather_files register_prereqs setup_installer

=head1 CONFIGURATION OPTIONS

=head2 mb_version

Optional. Specifies the minimum version of L<Module::Build> needed for proper
fallback execution. Defaults to 0.28.

=head2 mbt_version

Optional.
Passed to L<[ModuleBuildTiny]|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::ModuleBuildTiny> as C<version>:
the minimum version of L<Module::Build::Tiny> to depend on (in
C<configure_requires> as well as a C<use> assertion in F<Build.PL>).

=head1 SUPPORT

=for stopwords irc

Bugs may be submitted through L<the RT bug tracker|https://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Dist-Zilla-Plugin-ModuleBuildTiny-Fallback>
(or L<bug-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-ModuleBuildTiny-Fallback@rt.cpan.org|mailto:bug-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-ModuleBuildTiny-Fallback@rt.cpan.org>).
I am also usually active on irc, as 'ether' at C<irc.perl.org>.

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

=for stopwords Rabbitson ribasushi mst

Peter Rabbitson (ribasushi), for inspiration, and Matt Trout (mst), for not stopping me.

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over 4

=item *

L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::MakeMaker::Fallback> (which can happily run alongside this plugin)

=item *

L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::ModuleBuildTiny>

=item *

L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::ModuleBuild>

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Karen Etheridge <ether@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2014 by Karen Etheridge.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
